Added format specifier for yearqtr (#7713)
Rdatatable/data.table: NEWS.md

9. `fread()` no longer replaces a literal header column name `"NA"` with an auto-generated `Vn` name when `na.strings` includes `"NA"`, [#5124](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5124). Data rows still continue to parse `"NA"` as missing. Thanks @Mashin6 for the report and @shrektan for the fix.

> 10. `yearqtr()` now accepts an optional format specifier [#7694](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/7694). 'numeric' is the deafult, which preserves the original behavior, but 'character' formats the date like so: YYYYQ# (e.g. 2025Q2). Thanks to @jan-swissre for the report and @LunaticSage218 for the implementation. 

Reviewer: at least a typo in default.
```suggestion
10. `yearqtr()` gains an optional `format` argument [#7694](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/7694). 'numeric' is the deafult, which preserves the original behavior, but 'character' formats the date like so: YYYYQ# (e.g. 2025Q2). Thanks to @jan-swissre for the report and @LunaticSage218 for the implementation. 
```

20. `fread()` now supports the `comment.char` argument to skip trailing comments or comment-only lines, consistent with `read.table()`, [#856](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/856). The default remains `comment.char = ""` (no comment parsing) for backward compatibility and performance, in contrast to `read.table(comment.char = "#")`. Thanks to @arunsrinivasan and many others for the suggestion and @ben-schwen for the implementation.

> 21. `yearqtr()` and `yearmon()` now gain an optional format specifier [#7694](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/7694). 'numeric' is the deafult, which preserves the original behavior, but 'character' formats `yearqtr()` as YYYYQ# (e.g. 2025Q2) and `yearmon()` as YYYYM## (e.g. 2025M02, 2025M10). Thanks to @jan-swissre for the report and @LunaticSage218 for the implementation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
21. `yearqtr()` and `yearmon()` now gain an optional format specifier [#7694](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/7694). 'numeric' is the default, which preserves the original behavior, but 'character' formats `yearqtr()` as YYYYQ# (e.g. 2025Q2) and `yearmon()` as YYYYM## (e.g. 2025M02, 2025M10). Thanks to @jan-swissre for the report and @LunaticSage218 for the implementation. 
```
